then job answered listen carefully to my
speech and let this be your consolation
bear with me that I may speak and after
I have spoken
keep mocking as for me is my complaint
against man and if it were why should I
not be impatient look at me and be
astonished put your hand over your mouth
even when I remember I am terrified and
trembling takes hold of my flesh why do
the wicked live and become old yes
become mighty in power their descendants
are established with them in their sight
and their offspring before their eyes
their houses are safe from fear neither
does the rod of God upon them their bull
breeds without faintly their cow calves
without miscarriage they send forth the
little ones like a flock and their
children dance they sing to the
tambourine and harp and rejoice to the
sound of the flute they spend their days
in wealth and in a moment
go down to the grave
if they say to God depart from us for we
do not desire the knowledge of your ways
who is the Almighty that we should serve
him and what profit do we have if we
pray to him indeed their prosperity is
not in their hand the counsel of the
wicked is far from me
how often is the lamp of the wicked put
out how often does their destruction
come upon them the sorrows God
distributes in his anger they are like
straw before the wind and like chaff
that a storm carries away they say God
lays up ones iniquity for his children
let him recompense him that he may know
it but his eyes see his destruction and
let him drink of the wrath of the
Almighty
for what does he care about his
household after him when the number of
his months is cut in half
can anyone teach God knowledge and he
judges those on high one dies in his
full strength being holy at ease and
secure his pales are full of milk and
the marrow of his bones is moist another
man dies in the bitterness of his soul
never having eaten with pleasure they
lie down alight in the dust
and worms cover them look I know your
thoughts and the scheme's with which you
had wronged me for you say where is the
house of the prince and where is the
tent the dwelling place of the wicked if
you not ask those who travel the road
and do you not know their signs but the
wicked are reserved for the day of doom
they should be brought out on the day of
wrath who condemns his way to his face
and who repays him for what he's done
yet he shall be brought to the grave and
a vigil kept over the tomb the clods of
the valley shall be sweet to him
everyone shall follow him as countless
have gone before him well then can you
comfort me with empty words since
falsehood remains in your answers
[Music]
you